New How to run AM3 docs (#1238)
ACCESS-Hive/access-hive.github.io: docs/includes/terminology.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - model version and build (model executable(s));
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - set of input files (ancillaries, forcings and restarts); and
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - physical and modelling options for each model component, including namelists, configuration files and MPI layout.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An _experiment_ is a realisation of a configuration: a sequence of runs that generates model data over a period of model time.
```

<!--start:terminology-conf-vs-exp-->
### _Configuration_ and _experiment_ definitions

> The terms _configuration_ and _experiment_, used in this documentation, are not interchangeable although they are closely related.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The terms _configuration_ and _experiment_ used in this documentation are closely related, but not interchangeable.
```

> - A _configuration_ defines a specific way to run the model it relates to.<br> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _configuration_ defines a specific way of running a model. It is defined by the: 
```

>   It is therefore defined by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
